Ship shirts (#2302)
writethedocs/www: docs/conf/portland/2025/about.md

Past talks have also covered such diverse topics as empathy, the history of math symbols, and using emoji to keep your users' attention.

Write the Docs brings *everyone* who writes the docs together in the same room: Writers, developers, support engineers, community managers, developer relations, and more.

> We all have things to learn, and there's no better way than coming together at our events and sharing our passion and knowledge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We all have things to learn, and there's no better way than gathering at our events and sharing knowledge.
```

how about this?
